'Ray Bradbury','Work is the only answer. I have three rules to live by. One, get your work done. If that doesnít work, shut up and drink your gin. And when all else fails, run like hell!',
'Anonymous','Every word is worth its drop in time.',
'Ralph Waldo Emerson','We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities.'
'Ariel Sharon','Why think of today when your enemies think of tomorrow?'
'Henry David Thoreau','It is an interesting question how far men would retain their relative rank if they were divested of their clothes.'
'Napoleon Bonaparte','Space I can recover, time never.'
'Napoleon Bonaparte','Slow in deliberation, swift in execution.'
'Al Capone','You can go further with a kind word and a gun than with a kind word alone.'
'Benjamin Disraeli,'With words, we govern.'
'Matthew Tin','Every word is worth its drop in time'
'Matthew Tin','When all is said and done...'
'Matthew Tin','The adventure's aplenty'
'Anonymous','The whole is greater than the sum of parts.'
'Lao-tzu','A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.'
'Demosthenes','Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.'
'Anonymous','Cleanliness is next to godliness.'

"quadritangle" - when four are involved in conflict

quotes below are reversed...
-Job 7:1
"The life of man upon earth is a warfare."
- Vegetius
"Let him who wants peace prepare for war"
Strategy comes from the Greek word strategos, meaning leader of the army.
- Helmuth von Moltke
"Strategy is more than a science: it is the application of knowledge to practical life, the development of thought capable of modifying the original guiding idea in the light of ever-changing situations; it is the art of acting under the pressure of the most difficult conditions."
- The Illiad, Homer
"Well, then, my boy, develop your strategy so that prizes in games won't elude your grasp. Strategy makes a better woodcutter than strength. Strategy keeps a pilot's ship on course when crosswinds blow in over the wine-blue sea. And strategy wins races for charioteers. One type of driver trusts his horses and car and swerves mindlessly this way and that, all over the course, without reining his horses. But a man who knows how to win with lesser horses keeps his eye on the post and cuts the turn close, and from the start keeps tension on the reins with a firm hand as he watches the leader."
- The Bhagavad Gita, India
"The self is the friend of a man who masters himself through the self, but for a man without self - mastery, the self is like an enemy at war."
1. Look at things as they are, not as your emotions color them.
2. Judge people by their actions.
3. Depend on your own arms.
4. Worship Athena, not Ares.
5. Elevate yourself above the battlefield.
6. Spirtualize your warfare.
Some guidelines to follow:
- The Greek Myths, Robert Graves
"Although a goddess of war, [Athena] gets no pleasure from battle… but rather from settling disputes, and upholding the law by pacific means. She bears no arms in time of peace and, if ever she needs any, will usually borrow a set from Zeus. Her mercy is great… Yet, once engaged in battle, she never loses the day, even against Ares himself, being better grounded in tactics and strategy than he, and wise captains always approach her for advice."
- Friedrich Nietzsche
"Against war it can be said: it makes the victor stupid, the defeated malicious. In favour of war: through producing these two effects it barbarizes and therefore makes more natural; it is the winter or hibernation time of culture, mankind emerges from it stronger for good and evil."
- Fyodor Dostoyevsky
"Without war human beings stagnate in comfort and affluence and lose the capacity for great thoughts and feelings, they become cynical and subside into barbarism."
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Nature has made up her mind that what cannot defend itself shall not be defended."
- Arthur Schopenhauer
"In this world, where the game is played with loaded dice, a man must have a temper of iron, with armor proof to the blows o fate, and weapons to make his way against men. Life is one long battle; we have to fight at every step; and Voltaire very rightly says that if we succeed, it is at the point of the sword, and that we die with the weapon in our hand."